# Trips-Home
The source code for my personal website, where I experiment with computer networking and web development to grow my skills and develop my hobbies.

The code may be a little rough around the edges, but I'm still learning, and I'm proud of what I've achieved so far!<br>
However, please feel free to open an issue if you find any bugs, or have any suggestions for improvements.

## Hosting
This website is hosted on [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/), and uses [Cloudflare's analytics](https://www.cloudflare.com/web-analytics/) to collect performance data, no personal data is collected, of course.

## Tracking
This website does **not** use any cookies, or any other tracking methods, and does not collect any personal data afaik, if you find it setting cookies, please let me know, as it shouldn't be.<br>
The only data that is collected is performance data, which is aggregated and anonymised by Cloudflare, and is only used to improve the website.

# Acknowledgements

[dynamic-resolution.js](dynamic-resolution.js) was generated by Google Gemini, I only did this because I didn't want to take on a completely new language just for a simple URL appending script.<br>
Most of the HTML/CSS **for the gallery** *is* also generated by Google Gemini, but that was only used because the gallery is genuinely a mess, and causes me a headache just to look at, sorry.

Although, the vast **majority** of the remaining HTML and CSS was written by me, and I'm proud of it. (even if it *is* also a bit of a mess, but again, I'm still learning!)<br>
Any pieces of HTML, CSS, or JavaScript that I didn't write myself, I have clearly credited the original author in the file itself.
